Added a description and how to play (#1)
julie2045/HP-Magical-Creatures-Battle: README.md

 
# HP Magical Creatures Battle 🧙‍♀️🪄
 
This Harry Potter themed battle game with magical creatures is similar to role-playing games such as Pokemon. Pick the magical creature you think is the best and battle with another player!

 
## How to Play:
1. There will be a list where Player 1 and Player 2 can each choose a magical creature to go up against each other. 

2. Choose a special skill that each character has to use in the battle.

3. Once chosen, choose an environment from the list of environments for the battle to take place in. 

> <strong>Remember the type of environment depends on whether your chosen character will do well or not! </strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<strong>Keep in mind that the type of environment may affect how well your chosen character will do in battle.</strong>
```
